walk prudently when you go to the house
walk prudently when you go to the house of God and draw near to here rather than
of God and draw near to here rather than
of God and draw near to here rather than to give the sacrifice of fools for they
to give the sacrifice of fools for they
to give the sacrifice of fools for they do not know that they do evil do not be
do not know that they do evil do not be
do not know that they do evil do not be rash with your mouth and let not your
rash with your mouth and let not your
rash with your mouth and let not your heart are to anything hastily before God
heart are to anything hastily before God
heart are to anything hastily before God but God is in heaven and you on earth
but God is in heaven and you on earth
but God is in heaven and you on earth therefore let your words be few for a
therefore let your words be few for a
therefore let your words be few for a dream comes through much activity and a
dream comes through much activity and a
dream comes through much activity and a fools voice is known by his many words
fools voice is known by his many words
fools voice is known by his many words when you make a vow to God do not delay
when you make a vow to God do not delay
when you make a vow to God do not delay to paid-for he has no pleasure in fools
to paid-for he has no pleasure in fools
to paid-for he has no pleasure in fools pay what you have found better not to
pay what you have found better not to
pay what you have found better not to vow than to vow and not pay do not let
vow than to vow and not pay do not let
vow than to vow and not pay do not let your mouth cause your flesh to sit nor
your mouth cause your flesh to sit nor
your mouth cause your flesh to sit nor say before the Messenger of God that it
say before the Messenger of God that it
say before the Messenger of God that it was an error why should God be angry at
was an error why should God be angry at
was an error why should God be angry at your excuse and destroy the work of your
your excuse and destroy the work of your
your excuse and destroy the work of your hands for in the multitude of dreams and
hands for in the multitude of dreams and
hands for in the multitude of dreams and many words there is also vanity but fear
many words there is also vanity but fear
many words there is also vanity but fear God if you see the oppression of the
God if you see the oppression of the
God if you see the oppression of the poor and the violent perversion of
poor and the violent perversion of
poor and the violent perversion of justice and righteousness in a province
justice and righteousness in a province
justice and righteousness in a province but do not marvel at the matter for high
but do not marvel at the matter for high
but do not marvel at the matter for high official watches over high official and
official watches over high official and
official watches over high official and higher officials are over them
higher officials are over them
higher officials are over them moreover the prophet of the land is for
moreover the prophet of the land is for
moreover the prophet of the land is for all even the king is served from the
all even the king is served from the
all even the king is served from the field
field
field he who loves silver will not be
he who loves silver will not be
he who loves silver will not be satisfied with silver nor he who loves
satisfied with silver nor he who loves
satisfied with silver nor he who loves abundance with increase this also is
abundance with increase this also is
abundance with increase this also is vanity when goods increase they increase
vanity when goods increase they increase
vanity when goods increase they increase who eat them so what profits have the
who eat them so what profits have the
who eat them so what profits have the owners accept to see them with their
owners accept to see them with their
owners accept to see them with their eyes the sleep of a laboring man is
eyes the sleep of a laboring man is
eyes the sleep of a laboring man is sweet whether he eats little or much but
sweet whether he eats little or much but
sweet whether he eats little or much but the abundance of the rich will not
the abundance of the rich will not
the abundance of the rich will not permit him to sleep there is a severe
permit him to sleep there is a severe
permit him to sleep there is a severe evil which I have seen under the sun
evil which I have seen under the sun
evil which I have seen under the sun riches kept for their owner to his hurt
riches kept for their owner to his hurt
riches kept for their owner to his hurt but those riches perished through
but those riches perished through
but those riches perished through misfortune when he forgets a son there
misfortune when he forgets a son there
misfortune when he forgets a son there is nothing in his hand as he came from
is nothing in his hand as he came from
is nothing in his hand as he came from his mother's womb naked shall he return
his mother's womb naked shall he return
his mother's womb naked shall he return to go as he came and he shall take
to go as he came and he shall take
to go as he came and he shall take nothing from his labor which he may
nothing from his labor which he may
nothing from his labor which he may carry away in his hand and this also is
carry away in his hand and this also is
carry away in his hand and this also is a severe evil just exactly as he came so
a severe evil just exactly as he came so
a severe evil just exactly as he came so shall he go and what profit has he to
shall he go and what profit has he to
shall he go and what profit has he to his labor for the wind all his days he
his labor for the wind all his days he
his labor for the wind all his days he also eats in darkness and he has much
also eats in darkness and he has much
also eats in darkness and he has much sorrow and sickness and anger here is
sorrow and sickness and anger here is
sorrow and sickness and anger here is what I have seen it is good and fitting
what I have seen it is good and fitting
what I have seen it is good and fitting for one to eat and drink and to enjoy
for one to eat and drink and to enjoy
for one to eat and drink and to enjoy the good of all his labor in which he
the good of all his labor in which he
the good of all his labor in which he toils Under the Sun all the days of his
toils Under the Sun all the days of his
toils Under the Sun all the days of his life which God gives him for it is his
life which God gives him for it is his
life which God gives him for it is his heritage as for every man to whom God
heritage as for every man to whom God
heritage as for every man to whom God has given riches and wealth and given
has given riches and wealth and given
has given riches and wealth and given him power to eat of it to receive his
him power to eat of it to receive his
him power to eat of it to receive his heritage and rejoice in his labor
heritage and rejoice in his labor
heritage and rejoice in his labor this is the gift of God for he will not
this is the gift of God for he will not
this is the gift of God for he will not dwell and doom Lee on the days of his
dwell and doom Lee on the days of his
dwell and doom Lee on the days of his life because God keeps him busy with the
life because God keeps him busy with the
life because God keeps him busy with the joy of his heart
joy of his heart
joy of his heart you
you
you [Music]